Key: A = Auditory, S = Scribble, V = Visual, K = Kinesthetic
Q1: In a classroom setting, what do you prefer to do?
a. Carefully listen to the instructor’s lecture, ensuring you take in everything they say A
b. Take notes for each key topic/unit taught during a lecture or other activity S
c. Skim through any textual aid about the lesson and/or look at the presentation slideshow V
d. Partake in interactive activities and experiments and/or or think about ways you can physically test/confirm the validity of the claims you are learning K

Q2: What kind of environment do you prefer studying in?
a. A spacious place in which you can move around and/or assemble and move objects around  K
b. A lab or library where you have access to charts and other relevant imagery V
c. A space with minimal distractions so you can listen to relevant videos or speak out loud explaining materials to yourself or to others A
d. A desk where you have lots of materials to take different kinds of notes, such as notebooks or sticky notes S

Q3: What is your preferred method of studying before an exam?
a. Reading through your textbook and making sure you have detailed notes on each topic or writing down as much as you know about the topic and reviewing it S
b. Looking at or creating a mind-map that presents the information in a way in which you can see how each component/topic relates to another V
c. Reviewing recordings of the video being explained or asking others to explain it to you A
d. Reviewing the outcomes of experiments or demonstrations or using props to re-do them K

Q4: When given a list of instructors or directions to follow, how do you approach them?
a. Find out the end-goal of the task and then figure things out as you go along the process through trial and error K
b. Take notes of key things to remember and use them to complete the task S
c. Look at or create diagrams about the process to build or execute whatever is outlined to guide you through the task V
d. Have the instructions to be read out-loud to you as you work A

Q5: What role do you prefer to have in group projects?
a. Leading discussion by talking through each task and keeping the team focused A
b. Demonstrating ideas through physical examples or creating prototypes of the envisioned final product K
c. Organizing key information and designing a work pipeline V
d. Taking notes on what the group’s ideas are and key information to remember S

Q6: What is your preferred method of memorizing information?
a. Summarizing the material and re-writing key points S
b. Creating visual aid like flashcards, diagrams, charts, and other methods of organizing data V
c. Reading the information out-loud to yourself repeatedly, creating a chant or method of relaying the data that sticks with you A
d. Reinforcing material by physically testing out your solutions again K

Q7: What is your method of problem-solving?
a. Mapping out the problem to see all its components connected from a birds-eye view V
b. Writing out each step of the problem and the details for each step S
c. Testing your plans with solutions you come up with, and refining your approach based on your outcomes K
d. Talking through your ideas with others and/or watching videos of people explaining how to approach similar issues A

Q8: How would you prefer learning to cook a new dish using a recipe?
a. Approximating ingredients and steps through previous experience and learning on the go K
b. Writing down key points of the recipe in your own words S
c. Looking at pictures of what the finished dish looks like to help you plan out the process V
d. Listening to someone explain the recipe to you step by step A

Q9: How do you process your emotions and thoughts when you are feeling overwhelmed?
a. Visualizing the problem in your mind or drawing it out, showing how one problem or incident relates to another V
b. Writing in a journal to work through your feelings S
c. Talking out your feelings with a friend or family member A
d. Partaking in physical activities and hobbies to distract yourself K

Q10: What motivates you through the process of learning something new?
a. Being able to visualize the finished product and all parts of it working as they are intended to do so V
b. Tracking down your progress by writing down milestones S
c. Physically seeing improvement via practice or results K
d. Receiving verbal encouragement or advice from others A


